Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

1) Chiashi Yang - attended Ab's tuesday office hours 2/12 

2) Kiara Sunil Singh - Attended TA hours on Wednesday and Sunday(both sessions) - Worked with Jessica and Nafisa, Attended Jordan’s office hours on Monday

Kiara Sunil Singh - I consulted with Chiashi Yang and Victoria Reyes
Overall, I found this assignment to be very challenging. I often found myself looking at other resources to help myself better understand the syntax and tools that java has. The platforms I used were Stack Overflow, Geeks for Geeks, and W3 Schools. My initial impression of Java is that it is very different from python and I struggled being able to transition between the two, especially since Java isn’t as forgiving as python. However, there were some similarities that I found, for instance, the logical applications of for and while loops are the same and they both have functions/methods for things such as randomizing and inputting. I think we were able to work with github and git well. I also found that we collaborated efficiently. The things that did not work well were that it was difficult to structure the code and hard to understand how to correctly implement and run the code. My advice to future students would be to start early and collaborate as much as possible, while also using all the resources such as TA and office hours.

Chiashi Yang - I consulted with Kiara Sunil Singh and Victoria Reyes from the 9:25 am section. For TA/office hours, I attended Wednesday TA hours on 2/12, Sunday TA hours on 2/16 and both Ab and Jordan's office hours. Thank you so much to Jessica and Nafisa from Sunday TA hours for assisting us. Their advice was very helpful! I also used Stack Overflow, Geeks for Geeks, and W3 School for my sources. My initial impression of java is that it is very different from python. Because java is object-oriented and not as direct, I struggled a bit with completing this assignment. Some similarities between the two languages are that they use similar logic when it comes to loops and if statements. However, the syntax and initiating variables is vastly different. What worked well for our group is github, and we collaborated well. We met up quite a few times during the week to discuss the code and worked on it together. Creating ArrayLists and static lists was particularly challenging for me because I got them mixed up at times. Also, I was confused on how to initialize them. However, in the end I was able to figure it out. I would suggest people to start this assignment early and to attend TA/office hours. Also, I would highly recommend practicing java on your own whether that just be printing statements or creating array lists. 

Victoria Reyes - I consulted with Chiashi Yang and  Kiara Singh. I attended TA’s hours on Wednesday and Sunday (Jessica and Nasifa). I find it difficult to understand it. I’m having a hard time understanding some of its features and transitioning to this new language. Java is way more different than Python. I struggle being able to memorize all the commands and methods. I find it to be longer and confusing at times, but Python was more manageable for me. I feel like the flow is a little the same between both languages. I used my resources (Geeks for Geeks and StackOverFlow) to complete the assignment, at times I felt really confused but kept asking questions and collaborated with my classmates to understand difficult topics. Go to TA/Office hours! Getting help from the TA’s helped me a lot for this assignment.